I want them here in word so I want to
seem like these ultrasounds go and
present missing the factor bad about
baseball stadiums and poverty other than
DC for a little bit of few years ago and
there they were building a thick well
then I'll started building a baseball
stadium there that's that's publicly
funded and it was a real dirty deal by
the city with major league baseball how
they like took all this tax money from
you know like we're talking like four or
five hundred million dollars to see that
supposedly is just as close to bankrupt
and we fought against it like there's a
some groups organizing try self-esteem
in America softener
Oh
you
playback
dark the flashes by Roberto to die
Global shot
later
blah
Oh
they will come about shop drugs guns in
schools
okay no money in your hand just gonna be
on grandstand
let's go see
you
I like real
we reduce the swine
go